website/docs: fix minor typo in working_with_policies.md (#14071)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/policies/working_with_policies.md

We also document how to use a policy to [whitelist email domains](./expression/whitelist_email.md) and to [ensure unique email addresses](./expression/unique_email.md).

> To learn more see also [bindings](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/index.md) and how to [bind policy bindings to a new application when you create the application](../../add-secure-apps/applications/manage_apps.mdx#instructions) (for example, to configure application-specific access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more see also [bindings](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/index.md) and how to [bind policy bindings to a new application when the application is created](../../add-secure-apps/applications/manage_apps.mdx#instructions) (for example, to configure application-specific access).
```
